Verify measure, host data, and report data function (#117)
virtee/snpguest: docs/snpguest.1.adoc

    The user can use the [-t, --tcb] flag to only validate the tcb contents of the report.
    The user can use the [-s, --signature] flag to only validate the report signature.
    The user can use the [-m, --measurement] flag to verify that the measurement in the attestation 
    report matches the expected measurement value.
    The user can use the [-d, --host-data] flag to verify that the host-data in the attestation 
    report matches the expected host-data value.
    The user can use the [-r, --report-data] flag to verify that the report-data in the attestation 
    report matches the expected report-data value.
    If the optional flags are not passed, just the signature will be verified.

    options:
    -h, --help show a help message
    -p, --processor_model Specify the processor model to use for verification
    -t, --tcb verify the tcb section of the report only
    -s, --signature verify the signature of the report only
    -m, --measurement Optional string to verify the measurement field in the attestation report
    -d, --host-data Optional string to verify the host-data field in the attestation report

>     -r, --report-data Optional string to verify the report-data in the attestation report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -m, --measurement provide and expected measurement to verify the measurement field in the attestation report
    -d, --host-data provide host-data to verify the host-data field in the attestation report
    -r, --report-data provide report-data to verify the report-data in the attestation report
```
Making it a flag implies the parameter is already optional
